# Mon Mar 7, 2016

- [ ] Post for js@mongodb.com on standalone executables
- [x] Send @kangas list of newsletters/job boards to put up our open positions
- [x] Figure out when to drive back to philly (tmrw morning)
- [ ] Edit job description
- [ ] uspto dataset

## Edit job description

Senior Engineer, Compass
New York City
MongoDB is seeking an experienced Javascript and Node.js developer with a passion for making data accessible to non-expert users. You can build a working single-page web app in an afternoon. You know the npm ecosystem. You are expert at spotting both memory leaks and leaky abstractions, and can fix them with grace. Your GitHub portfolio of open source contributions is impressive. You have a burning desire to constantly improve yourself, the product, and your team.

As a Senior Engineer you will be contribute to Compass, MongoDB's new database GUI. Compass is a desktop app implemented entirely with web technologies, specifically Electron. We aspire to build a uniquely intuitive and powerful UI to semi-structured data in modern, modular Javascript. We recently shipped version 1.0 and we're looking to rapidly add new capabilities to the product.

Responsibilities

Contribute code to the project, taking responsibility for unit testing
Mentor junior engineers
Shape best coding practices
Participate in design meetings with product management
Requirements

6+ years of industry experience building great software
A track record of solving challenging problems
A BS in computer science or a closely related field
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Nice to haves

Experience with Electron, MongoDB, Express
Knowledge of React, CSS
Data visualization and web design experience

## uspto dataset

http://www.uspto.gov/learning-and-resources/electronic-data-products/patent-assignment-dataset
https://data.uspto.gov/data2/patent/assignment/economics/2014/csv.zip
